docs(GiniCaptureSDK): Add review screen customisation options (#238)
gini/gini-mobile-ios: CaptureSDK/GiniCaptureSDK/Documentation/source/Customization guide.md

### Camera import error handling TODO

## Review screen

<iframe style="border: 1px solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);" width="600" height="450" src="https://www.figma.com/embed?embed_host=share&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.figma.com%2Ffile%2F1985HMF83siAXmysSn3dC6%2FiOS-Gini-Capture-SDK-3.0.0-UI-Customisation%3Fnode-id%3D261%253A8256%26t%3DcRAvcUKVlwGtGpuh-1" allowfullscreen></iframe>

You can show a custom loading indicator with custom animation support on the process button.
Your custom loading indicator should implement `OnButtonLoadingIndicatorAdapter` interface and be passed  to `GiniConfiguration.shared.onButtonLoadingIndicator`.

> onButtonLoadingIndicator: OnButtonLoadingIndicatorAdapter

Author: Thank you for finding this artifact 🙈

> The example implementation is available [here](https://github.com/gini/gini-mobile-ios/blob/7e18d704c15c8929a97c88226724836e3b477cf1/BankSDK/GiniBankSDKExample/GiniBankSDKExample/CustomLoadingIndicator.swift#L36).

Reviewer: [Request] The link should ideally point to a tag so that the documentation version is in sync with code examples. 

Until we can automate updating the link we will should do it manually. Even if we forget it, searching for the version name we can find it later.

```suggestion
The example implementation is available [here](https://github.com/gini/gini-mobile-ios/blob/GiniCaptureSDK%3B3.0.0-beta01/BankSDK/GiniBankSDKExample/GiniBankSDKExample/CustomLoadingIndicator.swift#L36).
```

## Analysis screen

<iframe style="border: 1px solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);" width="600" height="450" src="https://www.figma.com/embed?embed_host=share&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.figma.com%2Ffile%2F1985HMF83siAXmysSn3dC6%2FiOS-Gini-Capture-SDK-3.0.0-UI-Customisation%3Fnode-id%3D501%253A7494%26t%3DcRAvcUKVlwGtGpuh-1" allowfullscreen></iframe>

You can show a custom loading indicator with custom animation support.
Your custom loading indicator should implement `CustomLoadingIndicatorAdapter` interface and be passed  to `GiniConfiguration.shared.customLoadingIndicator`.

> The example implementation is available [here](https://github.com/gini/gini-mobile-ios/blob/7e18d704c15c8929a97c88226724836e3b477cf1/BankSDK/GiniBankSDKExample/GiniBankSDKExample/CustomLoadingIndicator.swift).

Reviewer: [Request] Here as well the link should use the version tag.

Maybe you can check if there are other links which point to a commit instead of a version tag.

```suggestion
The example implementation is available [here](https://github.com/gini/gini-mobile-ios/blob/GiniCaptureSDK%3B3.0.0-beta01/BankSDK/GiniBankSDKExample/GiniBankSDKExample/CustomLoadingIndicator.swift).
```
